this is why your dad never came back with milk
you smell like cheese
just give up now
really?
that's it? my grandma can type faster than you
f*cking vegans
actual doughnut right here
CS flunky defunct for parts
yo chill out on the drinks
you prolly eat popcorn with a spoon
you're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard
you are dog water
its not working... just stop
why do you do this to yourself?
"I will be there when you fall" - floor
you look like you got your face caught in a greasefire
just go play in traffic. you'll have more fun
you're a vegetable
get over it
suffer in silence
you're lonely get over it
I wish i could cancel my subscription to you're problems
what is that STENCH? what a stinker
are you insane?
you must be a masochist or something
i stole you're lunch money. what are you gonna do about it?
every time you mess up a puppy dies
fat fingered that one
its not that hard just type the keys on the screen
did you even look at the screen?
are you even looking at the screen?
why are you still here?
you need some milk
you probably still look at the keyboard when you type
you look like a bird hunting and pecking
try typing the words on the screen
try typing without missing
you messed up...
oh my god
mama mia...
jesus save me
oh lord and savior jesus christ
oh lord and savior jesus christ, watching makes me wanna die
this is hard to watch
this is painful to look at
try typing in rhythm
rhythm... rhythm...
HAHAHAHAHHA 
HAHAHHAAHHABAGAHAGA you're so trash
get gud
get good kid
you ever just
me when
you couldn't get through this if your life depended on it
you're a trapezoid
POV: you've been let out of the cellar for your daily slice of bread
POV: you live in your uncle's basement
I would roast you, but burning plastic is bad for the ozone layer
you're one chromosome off from becoming a potato
I knew you were a vegetable from the first word you typed
hurry the f*ck up! quicksand would kill you faster than you could finish
ladies and gentlemen, we did it. we stopped world hunger
you look like the germ from the mucinex commercial
go eat some glue
go touch grass
go outside
go to sleep
this day cannot be unf*cked. f*ck it, try again tomorrow
you have the personality of a disposable camera
they use your hairline to teach the Pythagoras Theorem
god is fake
irish catholic preiest
backToSiberia
bippityboppityyourchildismyproporty
say cheese *takes picture* *screen flashes*
inferior genetics...
flashbang
mic check
typing for help *change to old UI*
by downloading this game you consent to having a computer, having a mouse, having a keyboard, having a computer with a webcam, or built-in webcam (no covers or your are a bitch)
seizure warning (jumpscare)
the developer does not take any responsibility for any emotional, mental, financial, or monetary loss/damage
turn around (3 sec later takes control and says inferior genetics at 1000 wpm and creates a text file)
kys... I mean krispy yellow snow
the developer just wanted you to know your place in society
average of the bell curve
ad break
30 min unskippable ad
kill me
I want shit
your kidneys please
Fun fact: (random info about your computer)
You've visited (insert website from browsing history)